howdy I'm back to show you blackout
reversed
formation in other words the conversion
robot to helicopter mode some people
find it a bit finicky to do so so this
video will provide you with advice hints
and tips along the way I always think
it's a good idea to start by removing
the backpack and putting it aside as I
feel it'll get in the way of the whole
process start with the simple stuff fill
it pop the hands flip down the arm
panels rotate the arms and then snap
them into place on both sides next
convert the feet pick up the toes fold
in the heel spurs close these panels
here and then rotate his legs round at
the knees like so rotate round his
shoulder weapons and then flip them down
and to the side like so
unpack the shoulders from the main body
and then flip the section all the way
back like so rotate and on Peggy's waist
fold it up and then push it forward so
the autumn off occurs then connect this
blue panel here to the legs
connect the sides to the front part of
the helicopter
rotate round and snap these halves
together then finally convert the
backpack to how it should be for
helicopter mode rotate this cage round
Philip out the rotors and finally
connect it to the rest of the helicopter
mode right that's blackout transformed I
hope this video has been of some help to
you at the very least informative if not
well I tried in Thai in the next video
I'll be showing you how to fix blackouts
problem with the cockpit sticking out
but until then till all I want